(Narrator)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh Vrains,
(Bohman)
I've been ahead of you
every step of this
duel Playmaker.
(Bohman)
Haven't you figured it
out yet?
(Bohman)
Why it is that I'm able
to predict your every move.
(Bohman)
It's because I am you
Playmaker.
(Bohman)
And in turn you are me.
Are you ready.
I am.
(Bohman And
Playmaker) Let's duel. I
(Playmaker)
Fusion Summon.
Rise up, Cyberse
Clock Dragon.
(Cyberse Clock
Dragon roaring)
This is bad.
If he attacks Bohman loses.
(boom)
(Bohman screaming)
Playmaker.
You may have beaten
Bohman this time,
but next time things are
gonna end differently.
Bohman's a powerful adversary.
So who could be strong
enough to control him.
(Playmaker)
Whatever may come I will find
the one behind all of this.
(high energy music)
(chiming)
(Kolter)
So let me get this straight,
Bohman thought he was you?
Well I believe someone
manipulated his memories.
Who would want to be
you?
With all of your baggage.
Ah, no offense.
And finding out who,
will be the key to
saving your brother.
That's easier
said than done.
Yeah Flame's
babysitter is right.
Bohman was our only lead
and he vanished along
with Wendy's world.
That's true.
But Bohman will never stop
trying to hunt me down.
We'll see him again.
Then I guess all we can do
is sit tight and be patient.
Would rather have
ended this asap,
but sometimes it's slow-sap.
Come on bud, if you
got time to mope
you got time to check
out what I was working on
while you were
vacationing in Wendy land.
I did a little bit of renovating
and upgraded our systems. And
the crown jewel's
that baby over there.
Now Playmaker and Soulburner
can log into link
Vrains simultaneously.
I had to take out an
ice cream dispenser,
but I think it's worth it.
Thank you.
It's even in my
color Kolter.
You know it.
Anyway, you might not
have captured Bohman
but you did gather
a lot of data.
Maybe there's
something buried here.
Let's roll up our
sleeves and start
digging.
Say what?
There's a portal that
leads out of Link Vrains?
It'd be more accurate
to say there was a portal.
But yes.
What's that got to do
with finding Playmaker?
Everything in fact.
That's where Playmaker
was heading the other day.
When you failed in your mission
to capture him or the Ignis.
Yeah, yeah.
But I believe you will be
afforded a second opportunity
to rectify this matter.
As long as you remain patient.
Our technicians predict the
portal wasn't a one-time event.
And it will reopen.
So the moment the
portal reappears
that's where Playmaker
will go, and so will you.
So instead of
hunting for Playmaker
you expect me to wait
for a grand opening
that may never come.
What I expect is for you
to behave like a professional
and be patient.
Why does it sound like
you don't want me
to find Playmaker.
You can believe
what ever you like,
but my orders are my orders.
And I order you to
stand down Shepard.
Understand?
Oh I understand.
But I don't take orders.
And I don't stand down.
Shepard we're not done here.
Yes we are.
You hired me to hunt down
Playmaker and his Ignis.
How I do it is my business.
Way to keep your
troops in check Zaizen.
I don't think that
you'd do any better.
(dramatic music)
SOL technologies may
have placed me in charge
of the bounty hunters, but
the very last thing I want
is for them to succeed
in capturing Playmaker.
I can't say that'll look good
on your performance review.
Be that as it may, I
believe that I've successfully
stalled them so that
we can try to find
Playmaker before they do.
That's nice and all,
but the one thing I
know about Playmaker
is that he can't be found, if
he doesn't want to be found.
Yes but find him we must.
He still is the key to
finding the other Ignis.
Well if he's not
showing up in Link Vrains,
we have to find him
in the real world.
And that's like searching
for a needle in a hay stack.
Except I'd recognize a
needle if I found one.
We've narrowed
his signal to within
the borders of Den city.
But we can further
narrow down the search
by what we know
about his profile.
We know he's a highly
skilled duelist and a hacker.
Remind you of anyone?
Other than me you mean?
There wouldn't be too
many of those around.
Yes.
And the players
avatar often mimics
their real life persona.
Their true persona that they
keep hidden from everyone.
I'll keep my eyes open.
For all we know Playmaker has
been right in front of us.
But we just never
noticed him before.
Did you get
your algebra test?
We're gonna be
late, forgot my lunch.
Hey can I have some money?
(girls laughing)
Yusaku wait up!
Hey.
(dramatic music)
Oh hey, what's up Sky.
And you are?
Ops my bad, I forgot
that me and you never met.
I'm Theodore.
And I'm late for class.
And so are you Yusaku.
Oh right.
I almost blew
my cover just now,
but pretty good save huh?
I guess it wasn't the worst.
Hm.
Well that's good enough for me.
Yo, Sky!
Where have you been these days?
You skipped four duel
club meetings in a row.
I had stuff to do.
What's more important
than duel club.
There's a duel club?
Maybe I should go and sign up.
Yeah you totally
should new guy.
It's the only club in
school where you could learn
pro-level strats
from yours truly.
Learn from you?
What's with the skepticism.
You know you're talkin' to
Playmaker's sidekick right?
Ain't that so Yusaku?
So you claim.
It's an established fact that
he couldn't have beat the
Hanoi without my help.
When we hung out the other day
he couldn't stop gushing
about how awesome I was.
So Shima says he's
Playmakers sidekick ah.
He told me the same story
when I him in Link Vrains,
but I don't know
if I believe him.
I didn't know either, so
I double checked his story.
Am I a sidekick?
Well I'm actually more
than just a sidekick.
You could call me
his best friend ever,
but I think that actually
cheapens the definition.
(Sky) If you're that close
you must meet up
outside Link Vrains too.
Well, I didn't say that.
But I didn't not say
that either (laughs).
So that means,
if we follow Shima,
he could lead us to Playmaker?
That's possible.
Huh, I guess it really depends
on whether he's telling
the truth or not.
If he really is
Playmaker's sidekick,
you'd have the skills to match.
I agree.
Hm, it wouldn't hurt to
put his skills to the test.
And you're going to
help, or should I say,
Blue Angel is going to help.
Huh?
(crowd cheering)
Yeah!
I can't believe I got an invite.
A special fan fest for
only your most loyal fans.
Meet and greet.
Well if it isn't
The Brave Battler.
Playmaker's number one sidekick.
Remember me hun?
How can I forget?
Only one person
ever called me hun.
And it wasn't my mother.
It must be destiny that
we crossed paths again.
I'm surprised
to see that you're
still in one piece superhero.
Weren't you being hunted by
a bounty of bounty hunters.
You got a good memory.
But they all skedaddle once
they peeped my mighty muscles.
You sure, how do
you know I'm not
one of those bounty hunters.
Huh?
Look who's scared.
Well you should be.
Playmaker's pal will
fetch a pretty penny.
Ah, no. Wait.
Unless you're actually
not Playmakers sidekick.
So which is it?
The Brave Battler
is many many things,
but being a liar
isn't one of them.
You have to defeat me
if you want to catch me.
Let me warn you Ghost Gal,
I'd be lying if I said I
taught Playmaker all his tricks
because I only taught
him 99% of em' (grunts).
Oh, impressive.
(dramatic music)
(Ghost Gril And Brave
Battler) Let's duel.
(The Brave Battler laughs)
I'll go first.
I summon Altergeist Silquitous.
(Altergeist waning)
If you and Playmaker talk shop,
you must know
Silquitous has an
ability
that let me return an
Altergeist to my hand,
to send one of your
cards back to your hand.
Playmaker found a way to
deal with this monster
in our dueling and win.
So if you're really his bud,
he must of told you how to
take care of this nuisance too.
Am I right Brave Battler?
I mean this entire duel
must be a joke to you right?
I'll place these two cards
face down, and end my turn.
Hm, you're right.
This is no problem at all.
Because like you said, I
already knew (mumbling)
your Silquitous' has
a special ability
that lets you do that
thing against my thing
by you doing that thing.
But I can do my thing
to stop your thing
from doing that thing.
All right ditch
the speak and duel.
Oh right. Um.
It's my turn.
I draw!
Hey.
His opening move will prove
whether he's the
real deal or a fraud.
This is so flash.
This is like the
perfect opening hand.
I can't believe it.
I got all the cards I need
to win on my very first turn!
No no no no no.
I gotta play it cool.
Here I go.
I'll start by summoning
my Scrap Kong.
(Scrap Kong grunting)
Huh?
And due to it's
special ability,
it immediately destroys itself
and is sent to the grave yard.
(Scrap Kong groaning)
(boom)
Huh?
But when it's destroyed,
check this.
I can summon Green Baboon
defender of the forest
from my hand, by paying
1000 life points.
That's a small price to pay
for a monster this flash.
(Green Baboon grunting)
But there's more.
I activate this spell
card double summon.
Just like it sounds, I can
summon twice in one turn.
So I summon another
Scrap Kong from my hand.
(Scrap Kong grunting)
Like the one before,
it's also a scrap.
(boom)
but I hit the replay switch,
to summon a second
Green Baboon.
(Green Baboon grunting)
I know those monsters
are pretty powerful,
but half your life
points powerful?
Not sure.
She must willing to
take some big risk.
That's a bold move.
You mean a brave move.
A Brave Battler move.
You know because of my name.
(laughs) Nailed it, nailed it!
(Ghost Girl Voiceover)
He's acting really confident,
but I'm sure he knows that
since I have Silquitous
he can't win yet by attacking
with those two monsters.
No one's that foolish.
Now you must know
that I can already win
by attacking with
these two monsters.
But I'd rather win in style.
By Link Summoning.
Watch me move my arm
up, and then down.
And then to the side
to build my circuit.
Oh yeah!
You are so in for it now.
The summoning conditions
are two level five
or higher beast type monsters.
So I send both my Green
Baboon in the Link Garos.
I Link Summon.
Link two Metal Baboon,
ruffian of the forest.
I Link Summon.
Link two Metal Baboon,
ruffian of the forest.
I am not monkeyin' around.
That's real live genuine
grade A Link monster
that's standing before yah.
And all it took to get it, was
giving up everything I had.
Oh.
Why would he do that?
(Ghost girl Voiceover)
That wasn't a smart play.
At all.
Ghost gal's totally
frozen in fear.
She can't believe
what she's seein'.
Ha!
(Ghost girl Voiceover) I
can't believe what I'm seein'.
Is this guy for real?
He's done nothing to
counter my Silquitous,
and he gave up two Green Baboons
to summon one Metal Baboon.
That cut his total
attack strength in half.
These are potato level tactics.
Unless these are superior
tactics that I can't comprehend.
Just like with Playmaker.
I won't say I'm gonna
win, but I'm gonna win.
Metal Baboon force the
dark Silquitous to shreds.
I activate my trap.
Altergeist camouflage.
I equip this trap
card on my Silquitous.
Since it's now camouflaged,
your monster isn't
allowed to attack it.
Huh?
And whenever I
activate a trap card,
I can automatically summon
Altergeist Multifaker.
Now I have two monsters in play.
But wait, I'm not
just stopping at two.
Multifaker's ability
allow me to summon
a third Altergeist from
my deck in defense mode.
So here's Altergeist
Marionetter.
Now I activate
Silquitous' ability.
By returning an Altergeist
that's on my field,
right back to my hand
I can send your Metal
Baboon back to yours.
Oh no you won't.
Cause Link Monsters can't
be sent to the hand.
Guess I out smarted you.
Ah, he doesn't know the rules.
(Ghost girl Voiceover) He
was never on Playmakers level.
He was always potato.
Sure looks like someone
should have cracked
open the rule book.
Yeah, you're right.
With that certain
someone being you.
I can still play my card
because if a Link Monster
is sent to the hand, it goes
to the extra deck instead.
It does what to the what now?
But my entire plan was
based on that technicality.
That is so not fair.
(Brave Battler whining)
Oh wait, I can't let
her know I goofed.
That's right.
Put on my poker face.
(clearing his throat) Yes,
I knew that would happen.
I was just checking
if you knew the rules.
And you passed
with flying colors.
If I was grading papers,
you wouldn't just get an A,
you get a smiley sticker too,
because that's what I do.
I don't just duel, I educate.
I've heard enough.
I draw.
Oh oh.
I think she's about
to teach me a lesson.
Cause if she attacks me
with all of her monsters,
I won't just lose,
I'll get stomped
and womped like a bean bag.
And that's the
last thing I want.
If she only attacks me
with one of her monsters
instead of all of them, I'd
still have a fighting chance.
But it's not like
she's gonna do that
unless I can convince her.
You know Ghost girl.
I intentionally put myself at a
disadvantage to teach
you about the rules.
So even if you win, you
won't really win right?
(Ghost Girl moans)
So how bout making it fair?
Since I attacked you with
just one monster last turn,
how bout you only attack me
with one monster this turn.
Sure!
Only one attack.
No problem.
Seriously?
Yes, you got yourself a deal.
But that means I have to
make a few adjustments first.
I set Multifaker and
Silquitous in the Link Arrows.
I Link Summon.
Link two Altergeist Hexstia.
(Altergeist Hexstia whining)
1500 attack points.
Ha that's not
enough to beat me.
I bet you're
feeling comfortable
because you have
2000 life points.
(Shima Voiceover) Shouldn't I?
Well you shouldn't double
B, because Hexstia gains
the attack points of the
Altergeist next to it's Link
and that's Altergeist
Marionetter.
With her 1600 attack points.
Oh yes, that would be a
slight problem (laughs).
I'm gonna lose.
I'm gonna lose, I'm gonna lose.
There's nothing slight
about your problem.
But don't worry, it's
coming to an end.
Here goes.
Altergeist Hexstia
attacks you directly.
No no!
(boom)
At least I stuck to landing.
Instead of winning hands
down, I went belly up.
I guess Playmaker
didn't teach you
all of his tricks did he?
See you later Brave Battler.
I don't think your
lead panned out.
Yeah, if he really was
Playmaker's sidekick he would
have
dueled you a whole lot better
than whatever that was.
That's an understatement.
He lost so bad he
was almost in tears.
Ah!
Thanks for the
guilt trip.
It's all my fault
in the first place,
cause I put you
on his tail.
Well I guess I can't
leave him broken.
I better go do my
part and cheer him up.
No no.
I let Playmaker down.
If I didn't make
that one dumb mistake
I could have won.
I gotta train more.
And not let anything
distract me.
(electronic ringing)
Huh?
Oh yeah!
Blue Angel's meet and greet.
Wa who!
Training can come later.
(laughs)
Yeah baby!
Hey check this out.
The portal's reappeared,
but in a different location.
Way up here among
the sky islands.
It's a section of Link Vrains
that's still being built.
So not many visitors go there.
Well that's about to change.
It's imperative that
we arrive there first.
Then let's get going.
Sure thing.
It's time.
(Theodore And Yusaku)
To Link into the Vrains.
Well well well.
It's the portal.
This is about to
get interesting.
I heard the portal's
opened up Zaizen.
So that's where I'm going.
(Zaizen) No that can wait,
the queen wants you back here
at SOL tech for more
important matters.
More important.
Look there it is.
Hm, doesn't that portal
look different than last time.
We should still
go and check it out.
(beeping from computer)
Wait.
The Ignis didn't
create that portal.
Oh man!
It's a trap.
(snap)
(wind blowing)
(boom)
(Ignis screaming)
Hang on I.
Hang on to what?
Shepard.
Playmaker.
(dramatic music)
(Soulburner screaming)
Soulburner.
Now watch this.
(Takeru screaming)
Soulburner, what's wrong?
(Ignis)
Oh glitch.
How are we gonna get to em' now.
I wish that I knew.
(dramatic music)